#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
% DO NOT ALTER THIS PREAMBLE!!!
%
% This preamble is designed to ensure that the User's Guide prints
% out as advertised. If you mess with this preamble,
% parts of the User's Guide may not print out as expected.  If you
% have problems LaTeXing this file, please contact 
% the documentation team
% email: lyx-docs@lists.lyx.org

\usepackage{ifpdf} % part of the hyperref bundle
\ifpdf % if pdflatex is used

 % set fonts for nicer pdf view
 \IfFileExists{lmodern.sty}{\usepackage{lmodern}}{}

\fi % end if pdflatex is used

% for correct jump positions whe clicking on a link to a float
\usepackage[figure]{hypcap}

% the pages of the TOC is numbered roman
% and a pdf-bookmark for the TOC is added
\let\myTOC\tableofcontents
\renewcommand\tableofcontents{%
  \frontmatter
  \pdfbookmark[1]{\contentsname}{}
  \myTOC
  \mainmatter }

% define a short command for \textvisiblespace
\newcommand{\spce}{\textvisiblespace}

% macro for italic page numbers in the index
\newcommand{\IndexDef}[1]{\textit{#1}}

% for customized page headers/footers
% only needed because they are only used in one section of the document
\usepackage{fancyhdr}
% change header rule width
\renewcommand{\headrulewidth}{2pt}

% workaround for a makeindex bug,
% see sec. "Index Entry Order"
% only uncomment this when you are using makindex
%\let\OrgIndex\index 
%\renewcommand*{\index}[1]{\OrgIndex{#1}}
\usepackage{enumitem} 
\setenumerate{itemsep=0ex,parsep=0ex} 
\setitemize{itemsep=0ex,parsep=0ex} 
\usepackage{color}
\definecolor{blue}{RGB}{46,106,177}
\usepackage{titlesec}
\end_preamble
\options refpage,intoc,bibliography=totoc,index=totoc,BCOR7.5mm,captions=tableheading
\use_default_options false
\begin_modules
customHeadersFooters
enumitem
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 11
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_title "The LyX User's Guide"
\pdf_author "LyX Team"
\pdf_subject "LyX"
\pdf_keywords "LyX"
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered true
\pdf_bookmarksopen false
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 1
\pdf_breaklinks false
\pdf_pdfborder false
\pdf_colorlinks true
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle false
\pdf_quoted_options "linkcolor=black, citecolor=black, urlcolor=blue, filecolor=blue, pdfpagelayout=OneColumn, pdfnewwindow=true, pdfstartview=XYZ, plainpages=false"
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 0
\notefontcolor #0000ff
\branch Question
\selected 1
\filename_suffix 0
\color #00ff00
\end_branch
\branch Answer
\selected 0
\filename_suffix 0
\color #aa55ff
\end_branch
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 2.54cm
\topmargin 2.54cm
\rightmargin 2.54cm
\bottommargin 2.54cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 2
\paragraph_separation skip
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict true
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Subsection*
Specification
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Travpedia is an online travel and accommodation booking system.
 Travel and accommodation companies are able to subscribe to Travpedia for
 a monthly subscription cost of £200 plus an initial £50 joining fee.
 This subscription allows the company to offer their products on the Travpedia
 website where they can be purchased by visiting users.
 Products that are advertised on the Travpedia website include accommodation,
 package holidays and travel by air, rail and sea.
 One or more products may be combined into a single booking.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Visitors to the website, after registering an account, are able to search
 for all available products offered by these subscribed companies.
 They are able to search with a number of criteria including type of product,
 location, date and price.
 Users can then view these search results and book and pay for products
 through the website.
 Users may also rate and review accommodation and package holidays that
 they have purchased.
 A product gains a review score based on these ratings.
 This review rating system provides further search criteria whereby a user
 can filter search results by review score.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Payments made by both subscribing companies and users are handled online
 by a third party consortium.
 Subscribers must pay by debit or credit card while users have the additional
 option of paying with gift vouchers offered by Travpedia.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Users are able to view bookings they have made and, where possible, cancel
 these bookings and receive a refund via the third party consortium.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Travpedia disseminates advertisements and promotional offers to users based
 on previous patterns of use and previous purchases.
 These personalised offering are sent to mobile phones through SMS and email
 accounts.
 Users may opt out of receiving SMS and email alerts.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Travpedia also has a number of critical compliance and security requirements.
 Travpedia stores users' personal information and payment details that should
 not be disclosed to other parties or kept for any longer than necessary.
 If this data is maliciously accessed, disclosed, leaked or manipulated
 it could breach confidentiality and data protection.
 Furthermore, any transaction 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
information sent to the third party consortium used for payment must be
 kept secure.
 This is done with encryption using 128-bit SSL certificates.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
During peak time, Travpedia receives up to one million simultaneous users
 and is designed to handle this number of users.
 The design is also scalable to accommodate its growing number of users
 and subscribers.
 This system is used by users 24 hours a days and must be always available.
 All data that Travpedia stores must also be kept safe from system failures.
 For this reason, user account details, itinerary and transaction data and
 subscribers' data are stored and backed up on three database servers in
 three distinct locations.
 Two of these locations are in the UK and the other is in the USA.
 This allows Travpedia to minimise downtime after unforeseen system failures.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
Scope
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The scope of our design is limited primarily to subsystems devoted to user's
 interactions with the Travpedia website.
 In particular, we will consider the following:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Travpedia account registration.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Searching for products.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Making new bookings.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Viewing and cancelling previous bookings.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
Assumptions
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We have made a number of assumptions regarding the external systems and
 remaining internal modules described in the whole system specification.
 We assume that these other modules have their own interface with which
 we can communicate when necessary.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Description
Subscribers: All aspects of company subscriptions to Travpedia are handled
 by a separate module.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Description
Consortium: The third party consortium will deal with all aspects of forwarding
 user payments to Travpedia's subscribers.
 We will be responsible for sending user payments to this consortium who
 will then respond accordingly about the success of the transaction.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Description
User
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

Database: There is a database for user profile and account data.
 We can make requests to this database to retrieve and update this data.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Description
Product
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

Database: There is a database for all travel and accommodation product data.
 We can make requests to this database to retrieve and update this data.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Description
Backup: In the case of both databases, we assume that another module handles
 ensuring this data is backed up across the three distinct database locations.
 Finally, this module also ensures that data is not held longer than necessary
 in order to comply with the Data Protection Act.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Description
Notifications: Users can request email and phone notifications.
 Our system will provide the user with the option to receive these, but
 a separate module deals with the selection and dissemination of this informatio
n.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
